macroH2A1 is enriched on the inactive X chromosome in female mammalian cells, where it functions to maintain gene silencing.  The transcribed regions of most active genes are depleted of macroH2A, often in sharply localized domains that show depletion of 4-fold or more relative to bulk mouse liver chromatin.  This repressor activity of marcroH2A is further supported by the substantial and relatively uniform macroH2A1 enrichment along the inactive X chromosome, which averages 4-fold.  In addition to localizing to the MCB, macroH2A accumulates at a perinuclear structure centered at the centrosome
Histidine-rich calcium binding protein (HRC) is a high capacity, low affinity Ca(2+) binding protein with a potential role in heart failure and arrhythmogenesis due to its activity as regulator of SR Ca(2+) uptake and Ca(2+) release. In addition, HRC null mice displayed a significantly exaggerated response to the induction of cardiac hypertrophy by isoproterenol compared to their wild-type littermates.  A human genetic variant (Ser96Ala) in HRC has been linked to ventricular arrhythmia and sudden death in dilated cardiomyopathy.
Yes.  TFII-I acts as a repressor of β-globin gene transcription and is implicated in the differentiation of erythrocytes into megakaryopoiesis.   Mutations in exon 2 interfere with the synthesis of the full-length isoform of TF II-I and lead to the production of a shortened isoform, TFII, in erythroid cells.  TF2-I has a role in embryonic development and differentiation of all eukaryotes but its physiological function is still unclear.
The proteasome, which identifies and destroys unwanted proteins rapidly, plays a vital role in maintaining cellular protein homeostasis.  Proteins that are destined for proteasome-mediated degradation are usually tagged with a chain of ubiquitin linked via lysine (K) 48 that targets them to the proteolytic machinery.  K(48)-linked polyubiquitinated proteins are degraded by the proteasomes to elevate cellular levels of amino acids needed for intracellular proliferation.  NF-κB and ubiquitylation initially became linked when it was recognised that lysine (K)48-linked ubiquitin chains are involved in the processing of NF-κB precursors and the degradation of inhibitor of kappa B (IκB) proteins.
Estimates of the newborn frequency of cystic fibrosis in different Caucasian groups range from 4 times more to 40 times less common than the generally accepted figure of 1:2000.
Meigs' syndrome is a benign ovarian tumor associated with ascites and pleural effusion.
Yes, NEECHAM Confusion Scale can be used for evaluation of postoperative delirium.
Finerenone is a nonsteroidal mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist.
Yes.  Apremilast was proven to be effective for treatment of Behcet’s syndrome.
Biological databases are used to store and edit large amount of data, created from genomics data.  In the most of the cases the data are stored according to their type but there are cases of focused databases that store database on a specific disease.  In the case of renal disease there are plenty of databases, for example KUPKB a collection of omics datasets, Nephromine a renal genome-wide gene expression dataset based in transcriptomics, CDKD and Proteomics Database in Chronic Kidney Disease.
Yes, TNNI3K is highly expressed in heart but is undetectable in other tissues.
Quadracel (diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and acellular pertussis adsorbed and inactivated poliovirus vaccine, Sanofi Pasteur Inc. ) is a new vaccination developed to condense the last dose of both DTaP and IPV so they do not have to be given separately, thus reducing the total number of vaccinations required.  In a randomized, controlled, phase 3, pivotal trial, Quadracel proved to be as efficacious and safe as Daptacel (diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and acellular pertussis vaccine adsorbed, Sanofi Pasteur Inc. ) and IPOL (poliovirus vaccine inactivated, Sanofi Pasteur Inc. ), given separately, to children between the ages of 4 and 6 years.
No Promoter Left Behind (NPLB) is an efficient, organism-independent method for characterizing promoter architectures directly from experimentally identified genome-wide TSSs, without relying on known promoter elements.
HGF-induced activation of c-Met is playing a pivotal role in the stimulation of c-Src activation, resulting in induction of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase complexes p85α/p110α and p85α/p110δ, which is required for Akt-mediated activation of mammalian target of rapamycin, with consequent inhibition of IκB kinase and nuclear factor-κB activation, resulting in enhanced cell survival.
Spermidine protects against α-synuclein neurotoxicity.  In the fruit fly, simple feeding with spermidine inhibited loss of climbing activity and early organismal death upon heterologous expression of human α-synuclein, which is thought to be the principal toxic trigger of Parkinson's Disease (PD).  In this line, administration of spermidine rescued α-synuclein-induced loss of dopaminergic neurons, a hallmark of PD, in nematodes.  Alleviation of PD-related neurodegeneration by spermidine was accompanied by induction of autophagy, suggesting that this cytoprotective process may be responsible for the beneficial effects of spermidine administration.
Yes, tamoxifen was tested for glioma treatment.  However, clinical efficacy of tamoxifen in glioma patients remains unclear and should be tested in further studies.
The virally encoded fungal toxin KP4  specifically blocks L-type voltage-gated calcium channels. 
Speckles contain little detectable transcriptional activity.
mitochondrial inner membrane
CMB305 includes a boost from a NY-ESO-1 protein vaccine given along with a potent toll-like-4 receptor agonist, glycopyranosyl lipid A.
Prevnar 13 consists of 13 serotype-specific polysaccharides of Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus), each covalently conjugated to a non-toxic immunogenic carrier protein.